if they have free the worst they can
get to spend having and having the
evidence that there is medically is
proven that two days more than people
I would have died so there was an attempt
of homicide in fact he told me that
like
He told me he told me he was going to deport me
I live to mutilate that I wander
disjointed were the words he used
that she was a black woman
that nobody is going to look for me that nobody
I was interested in leaving them in a well and
Miguel burying the patio because he believes
that gave so much because out there he not only
speaks of a suicide letter and was more
meat that has to end with my life
the truth and this is a suicide letter
what vision to write is medically
proven that the wedding day plus me
I died
I had a thrombosis and which
produced by being a masseuse
I had episodes of
this cardiorespiratory being there
I got a bruise from this
big stomach but suddenly I have
of average training of what I 'm left with
information on the ear of the blows in
marks on the neck or scars and
semen use the knees of all
kicks and beatings life
if they are free because who applies the
do you condemn
so that it opens the eyes is that it is
free the worst that can happen
for all the evidence that there is
some enslaved and good all that
it happened then it was such at the time most
painful if this number in some case
of the corpse the most painful moment was
have listened and now and it gives me to tell me
It bothers to rape my daughter
that is to me it is something that
I can not wait
by the fact that the violations
although in my life they happened before
went back
in everything they did
so it scared me and in fact I
frustrated to look when we felt about
the perfumes the perfumes that they
they liked found and I felt in sohar oman
on the street that was quiet with many
fears a lot of fear that it was one of
those happened to me not until a long time ago
that is, I struggle every day with going out
ahead
you saw I do not allow myself not to do it
but if everything has taken me prisoner
is taking a whole process
recovery that is in a quite stretch
strong everything that happens not from lohan's
the big blade a possible way to
reassure
I hope it 's a conviction
that is a just condemnation for all this
what did they do
I think he pumped
I think that person who are being the
in charge of the ideal one to apply it
and I'm trusting what I said